Improve wording (#2472)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Voice_Connections.md

}
```

> If our request succeeded, the Gateway would respond with _two_ events—a [Voice State Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/voice-state-update) event and a [Voice Server Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/voice-server-update) event—meaning your library must properly wait for both events before continuing. The first will contain a new key, `session_id`, and the second will provide voice server information we can use to establish a new voice connection:

Author: ```suggestion
If our request succeeds, the gateway will respond with _two_ events—a [Voice State Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/voice-state-update) event and a [Voice Server Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/voice-server-update) event—meaning your library must properly wait for both events before continuing. The first will contain a new key, `session_id`, and the second will provide voice server information we can use to establish a new voice connection:
```

}
```

> This is sent at the start of the connection. Be warned that the [Opcode 8 Hello](#DOCS_TOPICS_OPCODES_AND_STATUS_CODES/voice) structure differs by gateway version as shown in the above examples. Versions below v3 do not have an opcode or a data field denoted by `d'. V3 and above was updated to be structured like other payloads. Be sure to expect this different format based on your version.

Author: ```suggestion
This is sent at the start of the connection. Be warned that the [Opcode 8 Hello](#DOCS_TOPICS_OPCODES_AND_STATUS_CODES/voice) structure differs by gateway version as shown in the above examples. Versions below v3 do not have an opcode or a data field denoted by `d`. V3 and above was updated to be structured like other payloads. Be sure to expect this different format based on your version.
```
